docs: updating docker tags and defining them (#664)
localstack/localstack-docs: src/content/docs/aws/getting-started/faq.mdx

### What do the tags of the LocalStack Docker images mean?

We publish a set of image tags with different semantics, updated on different occasions:

> - **`latest`**: Updated only on official tagged releases (e.g. `2026.05.0`). Equivalent to `stable`. Recommended for most users who want a stable, release-quality image. As of May 2026, this tag no longer tracks untagged commits on `main`, use `dev` for that behavior.

Reviewer: Left a similar comment on the release notes, it could be beneficial to give an example of a patch too (for that monthly version) to show this also includes patches for that monthly release!

```
... only on official tagged releases (e.g. `2026.05.0`, `2026.05.1`)
```

> - **`latest`**: Updated only on official tagged releases (e.g. `2026.05.0`). Equivalent to `stable`. Recommended for most users who want a stable, release-quality image. As of May 2026, this tag no longer tracks untagged commits on `main`, use `dev` for that behavior.

Author: ```suggestion
- **`latest`**: Updated only on official tagged releases  (e.g. `2026.05.0`, `2026.05.1`). Equivalent to `stable`. Recommended for most users who want a stable, release-quality image. As of May 2026, this tag no longer tracks untagged commits on `main`, use `dev` for that behavior.
```

- **`stable`**: Same as `latest`. Updated with every official release.
- **`dev`**: Contains all merged, untagged commits from the `main` branch. Use this if you want the latest unreleased changes.
- **`nightly`**: Pushed from scheduled nightly builds. Useful for CI pipelines that benefit from a fresh build on a predictable cadence.

> - **`YYYY.MM`** (e.g. `2026.05`): Updated with each patch release within that month. Use this to avoid feature changes while still receiving bugfixes.

Reviewer: nit: I would potentially avoid the term "bugfixes" here when talking about patch versions as the patch releases main purpose is to provide security fixes and dependency updates! (not something to mention here, but we generally avoid making any functionality changes in these patch releases unless essential 👍🏼 )

> - **`YYYY.MM`** (e.g. `2026.05`): Updated with each patch release within that month. Use this to avoid feature changes while still receiving bugfixes.

Author: ```suggestion
- **`YYYY.MM`** (e.g. `2026.05`): Updated with each patch release within that month. Use this to get the latest security fixes and dependency updates.
```
